So, this brand, which you may have never
heard of, has grown from nothing to over
$100 million a year in just a couple of
years. Their direct competitor, Athletic
Greens, has been around for about 10
years. But, Grunes is about to lap them
just by using this exact funnel, which
I'm going to show you so that you can
apply it to your brand and hopefully
have similar growth, although it would
be hard to do that because these guys
are crushing. So, let's break down this
funnel. I have everything out here.
Then, I have all the links for us so
that we can go through it. Hopefully,
you will learn a couple of things. So,
Gruns, essentially, they sell these
gummies. Um, and it's just like
multivitamins and it's essentially what
Athletic Greens does in their powder but
just in gummy form with different
branding. That's essentially what they
are doing. So, let's break down the
funnel. So, of course, first what we are
starting with is it all starts with the
attention. It's going to be the meta
ads. That's going to be their main form
of ads right here. If we look on their
account, you can go to meta ad library.
You can see they have 1,200 different
ads currently live. It's not like this
is how many ads they've done ever. These
are the current ads. Like this is how
often they're running. you can see how
old these are and whatnot. You can go
through and you can look at these ads.
Uh but essentially all they're doing is
they're testing a bunch of different
stuff and they're putting out a ton of
different stuff. And most often what
they're doing is they have UGC videos
which likely are what convert the best.
These are typically what convert the
best. Uh but also if you notice when you
scroll through and you go through some
of this stuff, they also have a ton of
static ads just like these. And so it's
not always like what ad performs the
best. Sometimes you do have to mix in
all sorts of different ads that educate
people over time. But also the nice
thing about these static ads is they're
really easy to execute on a wide scale.
Whereas like UGC video stuff, it can be
super expensive to get these
influencers, organize them, and then put
together everything, and it takes a
while, and it's expensive. Whereas
static ads, especially with the help of
AI, you can pump a ton of these out and
test all sorts of different things super
fast. You can see all the things that
they're doing here. So, they're running
a ton of ads, spending a lot on ads to
try to bring traffic to their website.
So, that's the main strategy for getting
traffic. They run all these different
ads and then they direct to these
different landing pages. Now, a lot of
different ecom brands, they're just
sending people to one landing page or
they're sending them to just like their
homepage, not these big brands, not the
brands that are scaling fast. They're
doing all sorts of different landing
pages and funnels. So, if we go into
these ads, you can click on and see like
actually where these are taking you. Um,
so if we go like here, we can click onto
like this ad for example, and this is
where it directs us. First order green
powders right here. Um, so this is going
to be specific to ads of like people who
are coming from like AG1. And you can
test this, but essentially the most
common landing page that they're using,
these are the most common ones. They
have this main lander right here. Um,
and if you have this doc, it's a little
bit blurry. And so I have the links here
for you to click onto, but this is going
to be their main landing page, which
they're directing most people. It's a
simple landing page. Just looks like
kind of like a homepage. They have
education. They have everything that you
need right here. Um, and then they have
the product page right here. And so
pretty standard sort of like landing
pages. I'll go over like what their
secret sauce is. Um, but also what
you'll notice here is they have all
sorts of different listicles. So
listicles are specific landing pages
which list out it's essentially just a
list list article. Um, so you can see
they have different listicles based on
different benefits of the product which
I've listed out here and linked out for
you. You have a nutritionbased listicle
which is focused just on like nutrition
like seven benefits of the nutrition
side of things. Uh, weight loss so how
people are using grooms for weight loss.
Um, then for kids so this isn't a
listicle actually. Um, it's just a
lander directed towards hey get your
kids on. And then you have a
proteinbased listicle like how this is
good for like your protein. Then also
you have fiber. So why you need fiber
and then they have another lander that's
just on like their new product. And so
they have all these different listicles.
They're running ads to all these
different pages listicles um to kind of
like see what performs the best, but
also to just cast a wide net. So they'll
have specific ads that are focused on
different benefits. So if we go to like
let's go to weight loss. Here's an ad on
uh weight loss. Perfect way to support
your nutritional needs on your weight
loss journey. You click on this ad.
Let's go into this specific weight loss
journey list. And so these are pretty
standard. Um seems like listical are
their way of testing and also just a
great way of educating people. But just
to summarize, they're running the ads.
All this traffic, so much traffic,
they're getting hundreds of thousands,
probably millions of impressions um a
month to these landing pages. And this
is where the secret sauce comes in.
They're pop-up forms. So, if I go on
private browser right here, type in one
of these pages. Every single one of
these pages, you wait a couple seconds,
scroll down, you're going to get this
pop-up form. So, give it a second. Boom.
This is the pop-up form that they're
running everywhere across their site.
So, this is what it says. You've got 52%
off. Now, one thing I want to highlight
right off the bat, most pop-up forms,
well, actually, you know what? Let me
just briefly summarize this. So this is
their key to becoming profitable. Each
page they have an email and SMS pop up
form. Now the problem with website
conversion rates is they can be as low
as 1 to 2%. Because there are all sorts
of different brands selling this sort of
stuff. People are clicking on ads 24/7.
They'll go quickly check things out and
then they'll leave, forget you ever
existed. However, a good pop-up form can
get the email and SMS of as high as 20%
of your website traffic. So instead of
getting 1 to 2% of people buy, now you
can get literally 10 times to 20 times
the amount of people at least get their
email and SMS to educate them into a
purchase. And so they understand that
not everybody's going to buy on the spot
right when they go to your website. They
need education over time to eventually
purchase. Now, you can't just slap on a
regular pop-up form cuz a regular pop-up
form that you don't optimize and it's
using old strategies, that's going to
convert to like 3 to 4%. Whereas like a
good pop-up form can convert 20%. That
right there is like a 5x in the amount
of people that you get just by
optimizing your pop-up form. Um, so
these pop-up forms are very, very, very
important to optimize and make sure that
you have nailed. There are a couple
things that they do to get as many
people as possible. So, you'll notice
with this pop-up form, one like small
thing that I want to point out, cuz I'm
a nerd with this sort of stuff, is most
pop-up forms have the X to X out in the
top right corner. One thing that they do
is they move the X to the top left
corner cuz oftent times when people look
at a pop-up form, their thumb's already
moving to the top right corner. What's
interesting about them is they actually
moved it on the left side, which I think
is very interesting and I love. And a
couple things that make this a very high
converting pop-up, you'll notice it's
not asking for the email. Nobody knows.
They're gonna have to enter their email.
They just see this and they're like,
"Oh, shoot. They're going to give me a
customtailored option." And then you've
got 52% off. Holy cow, that is a very
strong offer. And everybody's worried
about discounting their brand. They're
giving 52% off. Crazy. Even though it's
just their regular price, but they're
just saying it's a super high number
than saying 52% off. Um, if you're super
aggressive, you can do this. So, they
say you've got and so psychologically
that works better than saying take 52%
off cuz saying you've got it seems like
you already have it. You don't want to
lose it. Um, so you fill out this
question. So, you've got 52% off. the
claim share what problem you're trying
to solve. So, this does seems custom to
the customer and it's highlighting
something specifically that they're
looking for. So, it's like, oh, this is
custom to me. Awesome. And it's like,
all I have to do is answer this question
to get 52% off. Heck yeah, gut health.
And then it's like, ooh, now you have to
enter your email. So, you get about 50%
of people answer that first question,
which is insane. About 50% of people.
And with that, psychologically, this
person has already committed. It's
commitment bias. Once somebody starts
doing something, they're much more
likely to follow through. And so, what
they do now is they're like, "Ah, I'm so
close. Might as well enter my email. I
want to claim this discount. So, you've
kind of got them and then now you'll get
like 20% of optin rates. It'll be like
10 to 20% uh to enter the email right
here. When you do this sort of form and
it's executed correctly. So, you have
your you've got 50% off then you're like
ah fine, whatever. And then to get them
on the SMS, they say finish signing up.
So, it's like you're not even done yet
with text to activate. So, you're like,
"Oh my gosh, I already gave them my
email. You know what? I might as well
enter my phone number." I'm going to
enter my phone number and not expose it.
So, once you click activate, then it
says, "Congrats, check your text. In the
meantime, here's your big welcome offer.
Don't close your browser." And so you
can click this and then it's going to go
directly to this surprise landing page
for the offer which is after somebody
signs up for the pop-up form, it goes
right here for the 52% off exclusive
deal for email and SMS subscribers only.
So they make it feel super exclusive for
the customer which is awesome. And then
that's where the secret sauce is. So
they're getting like 20% of people right
here to opt in with the email and SMS.
So it's very very key to spend time on
this pop-up form. And if you're curious
the platform that they're using for
their pop-up form, Polia Learn um right
here I'm a partner here. So, if you say
Max sent you, use code max, you get 20%
off. But this is what all the big brands
are using right now for their pop-up
forms. They absolutely crush it. Um, so
that's their secret sauce. They're
driving a ton of traffic and then
they're getting the email and SMS. And
then they're educating people into a
purchase with the email and SMS. So,
let's break down exactly what they're
doing upon someone entering their email
and SMS pop-up form. They go crazy. They
send one to two educational messages
every single day across both channels.
Why are they so aggressive? Why are they
sending two emails every single day and
then a text or two every single day?
That is crazy. Some people reading this
are like, "Oh my gosh, I'd unsubscribe."
Um, da da da. Well, when somebody first
enters their information, they click on
your ad, they enter your email and SMS.
This is the warmest they will ever be.
Every 10 minutes, they're getting colder
and colder to where you wait a few days,
they forget you existed. So, what they
would do is they would rather overend
and convert as many people as possible
in this high converting window. They're
putting all their eggs in one basket.
They're just going crazy for it. They'd
rather over send and convert people in
this high converting window rather than
risk sending too little. The customer
loses interest and then they end up
going with a competitor. they see an
Athletic Greens ad and then they buy
from Athletic Greens. And so that's why
they're sending at this frequency and
they're sending so much. And so you can
see this is what their welcome flow
looks like. Emma one, two, three, four,
five. And then they have right here,
they're just sending this in just a
couple days. And then they have SMS
welcome flow where they're sending these
every single day. And I'll expose these.
Um I'll break them down in a second. But
then they also do daily email campaigns,
which actually I think these are
probably in the welcome flow. Um but I
just wanted to do these just to be safe.
They also have SMS dailyish campaigns.
Then I also attach their abandonment
flows. But as far as like their emails,
like there's a difference between good
emails and bad emails. And their emails
are amazing. Also way better than
Athletic Greens. Um, and this is why
they are outpacing them. So what makes
these emails high converting? Well, they
have massive buttons. Look at these
buttons. They're literally almost the
whole screen. You'd be so shocked how
much this improves your click rates. Um,
they have buttons at the top of every
email. Look at every single email.
There's a button here, here, here, here,
here. It's all at the top of their
emails. The reason they do this is
because when somebody opens an email,
they could like that's not everybody's
going to scroll. If you put buttons too
low in the email, then not everybody's
going to see that button. When you put
an email up or a button way up at the
top of the email, then everybody who
opens the email is going to see that
first button. And so, you're going to
get much higher click rates. They have
buttons throughout the email. So, they
don't just have this and then a button
way down here. Some people will scroll
only to this point. So, they always have
a button as well in the middle, then
always at the bottom of their emails as
well, which is what we want. They have
strong educational graphics. You'll see
all this stuff. They're not just doing
big blocks of copy. People don't like
reading big blocks of copy. And they
also reminded a 52% off offer every
email. I review over 10 different seven
to nine figure brands every single week
and if you want an audit just there will
be a link for you to book an audit with
me to audit your strategy. Um but
essentially a lot of brands they'll have
welcome emails but they won't tell
people of the offer. So they'll have an
email like this but they won't talk
about the offer. Then it's just a
regular email. We need to remind these
people every single day that you have
this offer so that they convert. And so
that's really what they want and that's
what they're doing with these emails.
You can see infographics all the way.
It's very eye-catching. This is what we
want. We don't want boring. We want
stuff like this. Uh this is how they're
kind of leveraging themselves against
athletic greens who are a little bit
more boring. Um and then the SMS and the
welcome flow. Let's go across their SMS
welcome flow. So super educational heavy
right here talking about the discount
and then they'll mix in just like
specific uh benefits. Uh Grims will
support your gut anytime anywhere. Then
they do what's inside, how we compare
versus others. Um and then how we fill
these gaps and then don't miss your
chance offer valid today only on your
first purchase. And then you'll see also
here the different us versus them. Um
just continued education and they're
going to reuse a lot of these graphics.
pick aside grooms versus screen powders
um them versus athletic greens and then
mixing in testimonials um and social
proof right here. And now let's go to
the SMS welcome flow. This is what
they're sending. They have five emails
in their SMS welcome flow. They send
these once a day. So the first SMS, it's
right off the bat, your offer for up to
52% off. Do this and then they just send
like multiple messages at once. Welcome
to the fam. Uh we shared our contact
card here. Uh give it a tap. They add
some humor. Our founders's wife didn't
save his number on her phone until they
got married. Don't do that to us,
please. Pretty funny. Then they have an
infographic right here. Um all your gut
ever needs. And then they have some
education on the product and then use
your welcome code offer today. Use this
code surprise to get 52% off and they
have the button. So they send multiple
things right off the bat and then
they're sending infographics every day.
Um so they have a general one right off
the bat. Why choose greens for your gut
health? We support you anytime,
anywhere. So some of the main benefits
and then just listing everything. This
is probably just like as tight uh
explanation that they could and then a
button right here. And then they do this
us versus them leading greens powder.
It's obvious they're talking about
Athletic Greens. Um so why pay $12 a day
for yucky chalky overpriced powders?
It's exactly what Athletic Greens price
is. And then you'll have or in other
different products and that's what they
have. And then they have an infographic
here educating even more talking about
the offer and then doing some
testimonials right here. Use code
surprise. So that's their SMS welcome
flow. And then they'll just add you to
their simple campaign list where they're
sending email campaigns or SMS campaigns
about every other day to every day. So
they have a new product. So say hello to
this. You'll notice that they have no
images whereas in the welcome flow they
have images. Why is this? Images are 3.5
times more expensive than just doing
text. Same as emojis. these eat up the
price that you pay on SMS. And so for
their campaigns, they're just keeping it
super simple. They're not doing all
that. They're trying to save as much on
costs that they can. And so you'll see
this, they're always talking about that
52% off. So there's no actual urgency on
the 52% off. It's always going to be on.
Um then they keep things super simple.
It's not a long message cuz that's going
to cost more. These are all just going
to cost one SMS, um which is going to be
a fraction of a cent. And so that's what
they do on the SMS daily campaigns. um
they target these 81 users clearly
explain everything and every message
they send has some kind of offer. So
don't be afraid to discount here and
there. That's what will keep people
engaged with your list. And so I also
just as a bonus I added item to my cart
and cuz I was curious like what's their
uh abandoned cart flow. This is what
their abandoned cart flow looks like. So
right off the bat they're saying hey use
code surprise to get 52% off. And that's
what their button says. It says we
notice you checking us out. Um and then
it has some education and then it has an
infographic right here and then also
social proof down at the bottom. Boom.
Super simple. not going too crazy. And
then I saw that email. I still didn't
buy. They follow up a day later with you
forgot something. Your cart is waiting
for you. So now they're specifically
saying, "Hey, you had this in your cart.
Complete your order right here. You left
this behind." They're showing me exactly
what I left behind. And they're doing us
versus them education and then benefits.
So they go a little bit longer here. Um
what would make this even better is if
they had a button down here. We're going
to want a button throughout the email
cuz if somebody scrolls to the bottom of
here, then they're going to have to
scroll all the way back up. You'd be
surprised how much that increases uh
churn. And then they have this last one.
Um, you left us behind and complete your
order now and save big. You left it
behind. Complete your order. These are
in your cart. So, they have some fun
copy, some education, and then some
social proof. Then on SMS, they send
this. Hey, they add some humor in here.
We believe in second chances and your
green gummies are feeling unbearably
lonely. Kind of funny. Save your cart
and snuck an extra 30% off just for you.
Wow. Here's a link to your checkout. And
then they make a super low barrier to
entry. It'll take less than 15 seconds.
So, boom. And then if we go, you can
actually go to mil.com and look at all
the campaigns that they're sending. You
can see how often they're sending. July
3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th. So,
they're sending a lot. You can see every
single one of these. You can see all of
their buttons is up to 52% off uh most
of them here. And you can see buttons
way up at the top of every email. High
converting. Boom. You can literally look
at all these. These are available on
mail.com/grunes.co.
So, that is the funnel. So, let's
summarize what their funnel looks like.
Also, email and SMS if you want anything
like that. Uh my team will build this
all out for you. Uh wellcopy.net. Book a
call. I'll audit your strategy and
everything. But in summary, they're
running a crap ton of meta ads, 1200
plus live, driving to these different
landing pages with different benefits,
testing different landing pages that are
obviously high converting. They've
probably tested this a ton. Um, and on
every single one of those pages after a
couple seconds, you're going to get this
signup form, which they have hyper hyper
hyper optimized because they know the uh
importance of getting the email and SMS,
which is going to help you get more out
of your ad spend. They have a hyper
optimized pop-up form and then they get
aggressive sending emails, emails,
emails, SMS, SMS, SMS, educating on the
offer and getting people to buy now,
being super aggressive because they know
right when somebody enters um into your
funnel, that's the warmest they will
ever be. And that is their funnel. They
get these people to subscribe because
that's what this discount offers. That's
like the other kind of like hidden
thing. This offer is purely for when you
subscribe. If you want to try it once,
you can, but you lose on some of the
offer. So, they push people to subscribe
and then if you subscribe to the
product, they're going to stop sending
you emails and text messages cuz they
want you to keep ordering and not be
reminded of you to where not remind you
that they exist so that you just keep
getting it, you might forget. Um, so
that's really what they're doing and
they're pushing all these people to
subscribe. Um, so that is their whole
funnel. That is what they've used to get
to this point and yeah, it's pretty
crazy and impressive what they've been
able to do. So, uh, hope that was
helpful. Let me know if you have any
questions and yeah, thank you for
letting me nerd out on that. I'll see
you.